Dima Spektor 
📞 050-7999325 | ✉ dimaspektor12@gmail.com | LinkedIn | Power BI | SQL 

Introduction: 

BI analyst and developer with a proven history of developing BI automation and working in front-
end and back-end in BI systems and database in information system technologies. 
  B.Sc. Software engineering & information system course. 
  2 years work experience as a BI Analyst and developer of BI automations. 
  Building complex optimized dashboards through course using Power BI, Power Query, 

Power Pivot and DAX, worked there in front-end and back-end. 

  Extensive knowledge of writing optimized complex SQL queries on MSSQL program through 
experience the I received at my work and part of a course there I learned SQL in depth. 

  Teaches on private lessons analysts without experiment SQL, Power BI, Power Query and more. 
  Highly motivated to learn independently new technologies, fast learner, curious, great work 

ethics, problem solver and a great team player. 

Work Experience: 

2020 – Until today: Business Intelligence Analyst at Tikshoov, 
Big global networking company for customer service and sales contact centers: 

• 

Improved the revenue of the company by more than 360,000 shekels per year by 
developing KPI performance reports fast through steady development and 
consistent learning in a stressful environment. 

•  Writing automations that saves a couple of hours of work at reports. 
•  The KPI performance reports are created by advanced Microsoft Excel functions, 

automation by using Power BI & Power Query & Power Pivot and writing 
optimized complex SQL & VBA code. 

•  Writing optimized complex SQL queries on a daily basis in an MSSQL program 

that contains more than 10,000 tables. 

•  Taking decisions and making conclusions by analyzing and updating the BO/BI 

DWH/database through KPI performance reports of more than 20 call centers and 
sell centers for clients like Clalit, Cal, Shufersal, Partner and more.  

•  Solving data, code, technical & IT problems fast on a daily basis. 
•  Teaches new analysts SQL, VBA, Power BI, Power Query and more. 
•  Create varied reports in SAP BO/BI including working in the query panel. 
•  Working with a team through sharing thoughts and ideas.  

2015 – 2018:  eCommerce Stores Manager & Analyst: 

•  Through analyzing got to a sales cycle of about 120,000 per year. 
•  Selling in multiple international stores and communicating with buyers only in 

English language. 

Education: 

2015 – 2019: B.Sc. Software engineering & information system course in Ort Braude College. 

Military Service: 

  2010 – 2013: 319 Division – Optician technician, Finished army with honors. 

Languages: 

  Hebrew – Mother tongue level 
  English – Fluent level 
  Russian – Fluent Level 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
